mcuboot: Use zephyr version when signing applications (#12212)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Build system
------------

> * Removed :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMAGE_VERSION` in favor of using a VERSION file, this version can be set via Kconfig by using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMGTOOL_SIGN_VERSION`, but should be transitioned to using a dedicated :ref:`application VERSION file <zephyr:app-version-details>` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMAGE_VERSION` Kconfig option in favor of using a dedicated :ref:`application VERSION file <zephyr:app-version-details>` file to set the version.
   You can alternatively set the version by using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMGTOOL_SIGN_VERSION` Kconfig option, but using a :file:`VERSION` file is the recommended approach.
```
I think that's still saying the same thing, just with a different focus.

Author: Updated

Build system
------------

> * Removed the ``CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMAGE_VERSION`` Kconfig option in favor of using a dedicated :ref:`application VERSION file <zephyr:app-version-details>` file to set the version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the ``CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMAGE_VERSION`` Kconfig option in favor of using a dedicated :ref:`application VERSION file <zephyr:app-version-details>` to set the version.
```
Drat, I had a double "file" in there.

Author: Didn't notice that! Fixed
